UX Research Manager, Pixel
corporate_fare
Google
place
New Taipei, Banqiao District, New Taipei City, Taiwan
info_outline
XInfo Google welcomes people with disabilities.
Google welcomes people with disabilities.


Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Human-Computer Interaction, Cognitive Science, Statistics, Psychology, Anthropology, a related field, or equivalent practical experience.
8 years of experience in an applied research setting, or similar.
3 years of experience leading design projects, program management, and managing people or teams.

Preferred qualifications:
Master's degree or PhD in Human-Computer Interaction, Cognitive Science, Statistics, Psychology, Anthropology, Engineering, or a related field.
10 years of experience conducting UX research or working with UX Research on products.
7 years of experience working with executive leadership (e.g., Director level and above).
5 years of experience managing projects/programs in matrixed organizations.
Experience applying research methodologies (e.g., interviews, focus groups, field and lab studies, diary study and surveys) and an understanding of their strengths/limitations on Hardware devices.
About the job
At Google, we follow a simple but vital premise: "Focus on the user and all else will follow." Google’s UX leaders help define and drive the future of Google design. They create and clarify strategy, conceptualize UX ecosystems in ways that mitigate complexity, and inspire teams to push the boundaries of what’s possible. They possess a clear vision of the future of user experience and have the courage to pursue forward-thinking design.

Google User Experience (UX) is made up of multi-disciplinary teams of UX Designers, Researchers, Writers, Content Strategists, Program Managers, and Engineers: we care deeply about the people who use our products. You are a thoughtful team leader, manager, expert researcher, and visionary. You'll be responsible for guiding the careers of your team members, working closely with each of them to help them realize their full potential.

UX Research Managers are fierce advocates for the people who use our products as well as the members of their teams. You’re an expert at using qualitative research methods such as field studies, interviews, and diary studies to shape product development and influence overall strategy.

In this role, you’ll take the time to understand not just the execution side of UX, but also the business aspects of the products we build. You’ll collaborate with leaders of other UX, Engineering, and Product Management teams to create innovative experiences across all of Google’s products, leveraging your passion for brand, craft, and design quality.

The Google Pixel team focuses on designing and delivering the world's most helpful mobile experience. The team works on shaping the future of Pixel devices and services through some of the most advanced designs, techniques, products, and experiences in consumer electronics. This includes bringing together the best of Google’s artificial intelligence, software, and hardware to build global smartphones and create transformative experiences for users across the world.

Responsibilities
Drive project priorities in alignment with project goals, and coordinate allocation of resources within the project. Identify opportunities to grow responsibilities within and across a product.
Represent users' insights and concerns to cross project teams. Including Hardware, Software, and Operations groups.
Influence stakeholders across functions to gain support for research-based solutions.
Lead discussions through research by analyzing, consolidating, or synthesizing what is known about user, product, service, or business needs.
Support the operations and programs of New Pixel Hardware Programs, as well as our In-Market public users.